Buck2 docs (#1957)
facebook/pyrefly: website/docs/configuration.mdx

- Default: `true`
- Flag equivalent: `--use-ignore-files`

### `build-system`

> Pyrefly supports integrating into build systems to discover targets to lint and

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
Pyrefly supports integrating into build systems to discover targets to type check and
```

their dependencies. It currently natively supports
[Buck2](https://buck2.build), as well as arbitrary build systems via custom
queries.

#### Buck2

To configure Pyrefly to use Buck2 as a build system, add the following to your
`pyrefly.toml`:

```toml
[build-system]
type = "buck"
```

Behind the scenes, Pyrefly will run the
`prelude//python/sourcedb/pyrefly.bxl:main` [BXL
script](https://buck2.build/docs/bxl/) to get the necessary information about
the targets to typecheck.

The following optional configuration options are also supported:

- `isolation_dir` (`str`): name of the isolation dir to use when running the
  BXL query (see `buck2 --help` or

>   <https://buck2.build/docs/concepts/isolation_dir/> for more information about

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [Buck's documentation](https://buck2.build/docs/concepts/isolation_dir/) for more information about
```

  isolation dirs).
- `extras` (`list[str]`): extra command line arguments passed to `buck2` when
  running the query.

#### Custom queries

Arbitrary build systems can be integrated using the `custom` type:

```toml
[build-system]
type = "custom"
command = ["some", "command", "..."]
# Optional: The root of the repository. Repo roots here will be shared between configs.
repo_root = "src/"

> ```

Reviewer: The style of this differs from the style of the Buck section. Can you either make the Buck section demo all of the values, with similar comments as here, or move the example up to the main `### build-system` section looking something like this
```toml
[build-system]
type = "<type>"
# type-specific arguments
```

Author: Done, I've added optional options to the Buck2 section demo.

Pyrefly will call this in the form `<command> @<argfile>`, where `<argfile>`
has the format:

```text
--
<arg-flag>
<arg>
...
```

`<arg-flag>` is either `--file` or `--target`, depending on the type of
`<arg>`, and `<arg>` is an absolute path to a file or a build system's target.

> 

Author: I've done what I could based on the sample value in a unit test I found.
Let me know if this is good enough.
